That was a bad break
for Erazor.
He got so close!
He was just about
to beat Yuma Tsukumo
when... (groans)
But we'll crush that kid
next time for sure, right?
You're all talk.
This time, I want action!
A... absolutely!
Totally understood, Vector!
This next guy'll get
the job done, guaranteed.
He's a beast
on and off the field.
He may have a few
very minor authority issues
which might be a...
Will he beat Yuma or not?
Oh, he will, Vector.
Oh, he will!
The guy's a one-man
sting operation.
He can stop anybody!
Is that so?
If your man's so powerful,
perhaps we should have him
take Yuma's friends
down first.
Starting with
the treacherous one,
Reginald Kastle.
Send your man on a Shark hunt
and make sure
he hooks his Number, too.
Don't disappoint me
again, Heartland.
I won't, sir.
(Shark's voice) That duel I had in
the underwater ruins...
it stirred upall those painful memories
of me and Riofrom the past.
If thosememories are true,
then who are we, Rio and I?
We've alwaysbeen together.
I know we have.
I mean, I rememberall the times
we spent as a familylike it was yesterday.
The school fairs, soccer games,
duel tournaments, everything.
But... that battlewith Vector.
It feels so familiar...
but how?
♪ ♪ (theme music)
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are
gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Now don't be shy, Trey.
I made plenty for
everyone, so dig in.
Thank you very much, ma'am.
I really appreciate
you letting me stay here.
Why are you dressed like
you're going to school?
Oh, I didn't have
a change of clothes,
so Yuma's letting me
wear this today.
We just gotta work on the hair,
and the teachers'll
never know it's not me.
You've certainly
cheered up my grandson.
He's been rather
gloomy lately.
I can't remember the last time
I saw Yuma smiling while
he was eating breakfast.
How could anybody
eat your food and not smile?
Yeah.
Hey, I just thought
of a really funny idea!
Astral, you ought to
take a bite and see-
Oh, I forgot
that Astral's gone.
My bad.
You must've inherited
forgetfulness from me.
Uhh, yeah.
Still, we can't
waste too much time
sitting around eating.
We gotta be ready,
'cause I know Heartland" 's
gonna try something.
I think we should
let Kite and Shark
know about what's going on.
I can't get in touch with Kite,
because he's
ignoring me as usual.
And Shark can't help now.
He stays at the hospital
with Rio all the time.
Guys, why don't
we go over there
and see how
they're both doing?
Oh, no, it's starting to rain!
It's cool, just dodge
the drops like me!
(voice on intercom) Dr. Bloom,
please come to ICU 3...
Dr. Bloom to ICU 3, please.
Oh, excuse me, sir.
This area's for
hospital personnel only.
If you need to get
to the other wing,
you... oh, now,
how did all this water
get on the floor?
Sir, you need
to leave here right now,
or I'm going to call security.
I'm not going anywhere, nurse.
But you are!
(nurse screams)
You're going to sleep
for a long, long time.
(chuckling)
Hey, what're you doing?
(monitors beep)
Get away from her
right now, or else!
What did you do
to Shark's sister?
Well, well...
it's Yuma Tsukumo.
How'd you know my name?
(gasps) Are you a Barian?
After I get rid
of your friend, Shark...
I'm coming for you.
Hey, where'd he go?
Yuma...
Shark's in danger.
You're right.
We gotta warn him!
Before it's too late!
It just keeps ringing.
No answer!
Yuma, we'd better split up
and try to find him.
Right.
I'll go get Bronk
and the others
to look for him, too!
And I'll call my brothers.
Why?
What's wrong, Trey?
(Shark's voice)
It's just like that day.
It was raining then, too.
(chuckling)
Reginald?
Huh?
When we get home,
teach me about
dueling again, okay?
Okay, but only if
you promise not to cry.
I don't cry!
Yes, you do.
No, I don't.
Do, too.
Do not!
Do, too!
I thought you two told me
you were going to fall asleep.
(horn honking) Aah!
(both) Aah!
(doctor)
Nurse, keep
an eye on them.
Tell me if their
condition changes.
(nurse) Yes, doctor.
I'll be sure
to monitor them closely.
Poor kids.
Nothing was ever
the same after that day.
I had to grow up fast.
For me and for Rio.
He's not at his house
or at school.
And he's still not
answering his phone.
How could he just disappear
with his sister
in the hospital?
If Astral were here,
I bet he'd know what to do.
I miss him.
Feels weird to be back.
It looks the same.
Rio and I never came home
after the accident.
A lot of memories here.
A lot of memories.
(younger Shark)
Give it back, Rio!
That's a special card Dad gave me!
No way!
I saw it first, Reginald!
Give it to me!
(Rio giggling)
Give it back!
Rio!
(Rio gasps)
Look out!
(Rio crying)
(Dad) Reginald!
Calm down, it's all right.
Oh, dear!
Oh, my sweet girl, don't cry.
It's all right.
Don't be mad,
but I think
the card you gave me
got really messed up...
I'm sorry.
Reginald, of course
I'm not angry.
Dear, we need
to take care of that cut.
All those things
that happened are real.
I know it.
Because I still have that scar.
And that's
all the proof I need.
What was I thinking?
There's no way
I could be a Barian.
(distant chuckling)
Who's there?
So you're Reginald Kastle.
(eyes hum)
That's right!
Who's asking?
You won't get away!
Why, you dirty...
Zip the lip, you little punk!
Or I'm going
to zip it for you!
I've been sent to reel you in,
and I'm not leaving
empty-handed.
What are you talking about?
Show some respect,
you lowly human!
Don't you realize
you're speaking to a Barian?
Oh, so you're a Barian?
You think you're such
a great duelist, don't you?
Well, when I get
through with you,
everyone will know
that the all-mighty Shark
is a guppy compared
to Chironex!
I can beat...
(groans)
What'd you do?
What'd you put in me?
Hmm. Somehow,
you look familiar.
Oh, well.
It looks like
my poison is taking effect.
Your poison?
That's right,
and it won't be very long
until it works
its magic on you.
So if you want to duel,
we'd better
get started right away.
What? Why would I waste
my time dueling you?
I don't think dueling
would be a waste of time
if it keeps
your sister from visiting
Davy Jones' locker,
do you, Shark?
Rio?
You got to her, too?
(Rio whimpers)
Mm-hmm.
My bad!
But, luckily, there's a way
her big, strong brother
Shark can save her.
All you have to do
is defeat me in a duel.
Of course,
if you don't want to,
you don't have to.
All right, Chironex!
(male voice) Hang on!
I don't believe it.
How's it going?
Long time no duel, Reginald!
Hope you didn't
miss me too much!
Quattro!
My, my.
How nice of you to drop by.
Why are you here, Quattro?
My brother Trey
asked me to find you.
He thought you
might be in trouble,
and it turns out he was right.
Well, I don't want
or need your help!
Believe me,
I don't care about you.
It's your sister
I'm worried about.
Rio?
(Rio whimpers)
Rio...
Right now,
your sister's fighting
with every breath she's got.
She's already suffered enough,
thanks to me and my family.
That's why I'm going
to dazzle you with
my brilliant dueling
skills and defeat him!
You just stay back,
watch, and learn.
Get lost!
I'm dueling him!
You both underestimate me!
You think you're so great?
You're not half
the duelist I am!
I'll duel you both
at once and prove it!
Well, you heard him.
Think we should take
this guy up on his offer?
All right.
Let's do it for Rio!
Good.
A two against one duel.
I only have
one little condition.
What's that?
I'm sure you won't mind
evening things up a bit,
seeing as I'm going
to be outmanned.
I'll start the duel
with 8,000 life points,
and you each get
2,000 life points.
If you were so great,
you wouldn't need
an advantage, would you?
However, it'll keep
things interesting.
You think you're
so clever, don't you?
But just you wait.
We'll see how clever you are
when my poison is coursing
through your veins.
I knew there was
something fishy about you.
(Shark) Duel Disk, locked!
Duel Gazer, loaded!
(beeping)
Hah!
(female voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(all) Let's duel!
He's not here!
We gotta find Shark
and tell him about Rio.
Yuma, I just got
a message from my brother!
And the news isn't good.
I'll go first!
I draw!
I'm gonna show this guy
no one messes with my family!
I'm summoning Saber Shark!
Time to see if
you've got what it takes
to swim with the sharks!
So I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
I was expecting a move with
a little more bite to it.
Don't worry, I'll show my teeth
when the time's right.
Hah, wait and see...
Well, I have to make sure
that doesn't happen!
I summon Stinging Jellyfish!
That lets me summon another
monster from the deep...
Silent Sea Nettle!
Let's see how
you hotshots handle this.
Watch closely, boys.
I overlay Level 4
Stinging Jellyfish
and Silent Sea Nettle!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and XYZ Summon!
(thunder crashes)
Appear, Number 4,
Stealth Kragen!
The nerve of this guy!
Number 4's my special number!
My name ain't Quattro
for nothing!
And it turns out
Number 4's something
from the seafood section?
Number 4's no joke!
Jellyfish are one of the most
dangerous creatures in the sea!
And once you feel
Stealth Kragen's
poison sting,
you won't be laughing!
(groaning) (chuckling)
You're in bad shape.
I told you you should let me
do the dueling.
He's right.
It 's clear you can" 't
save your sister.
I can still beat you!
Oh, yeah?
We'll see about that!
I activate Stealth Kragen's
special ability!
On each of our turns,
I can destroy
one Water monster on the field.
I choose Saber Shark!
You also take damage
equal to Saber Shark's
attack points!
Venom Blast!
Aah...
It'll take more than that
to beat us, right, Shark?
A lot more.
Well, I have plenty more...
but for now I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Then it's my move!
Time for you to get schooled,
you spineless jellyfish!
(battle-cry)
I summon
Gimmick Puppet Des Troy!
Next I activate the spell
Card of Puppets!
It destroys
my Gimmick Puppet Des Troy.
By destroying
my Gimmick Puppet,
I get to draw one card!
And I'm not done yet!
Not by a long shot.
You see, when
Des Troy is destroyed,
I get to summon
two Gimmick Puppets
to take its place!
Give a warm welcome to...
Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker
and Dreary Doll!
I overlay Level 8
Twilight Joker
and Dreary Doll!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I XYZ Summon Number 15!
Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder!
There's Shark!
(Shark groans)
Oh, no...
he's been poisoned too!
And now, I activate my Number's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Giant Grinder destroys
your Stealth Kragen.
Now you take damage
equal to all of your
Stealth Kragen's
attack points!
(Kurage growls)
So you're losing
1,900 Life Points!
This should be a blast!
Destruction Cannon!
Yeah!
That's what you get when
you battle with my brother!
I bet that fall you just took
would've hurt a whole lot more
if you had a backbone.
(Kurage chuckles)
No backbone, eh?
You've got a big mouth, boy!
But as you can see,
I've got two big ways
to shut it now!
What?
(Shark groans)
How did he get two monsters?
What's going on here?
You gutless jellyfish...
You think
I'm a gutless jellyfish?
(Kurage chuckles)
Well, you'll both
need more than guts
if you want to survive
what these two have in store!
(Kurage cackles)
♪ ♪